Changes from Michele at our two last supervisor meetings. (#147)
SW709E19/Report: report/PartDesign/ChapterArchitecture/ArchitectureDiagram.tex

\subsection{Sensor device}\label{subsec:designSensorDevice}

The sensor devices are the sensing element of the system, that should be placed on a machine at a manufacturing company.
The sensor devices described below are generic and should thus be configured to individual needs.

\subsubsection{Tasks}

The sensor device should be able to have a sensor attached to it.
These sensors are available in many different configurations and with different requirements and the sensor device itself should support as many different sensors as possible.
These requirements often come down to the power needed and the communication protocols supported, such as I$^2$C, UART and SPI \cite{CommonSensors}.

The sensor devices should be able to communicate with the local gateway and wirelessly transmit their measurements.

> For practical reasons, the communication should be wireless to make it easier for the maintenance personnel to install the devices, then ever a wired alternative is not available.

Reviewer: Det sidste i denne sætning giver ikke rigtig mening syntes jeg

> For practical reasons, the communication should be wireless to make it easier for the maintenance personnel to install the devices, then ever a wired alternative is not available.

Author: ```suggestion
For practical reasons, the communication should be wireless to make it easier for the maintenance personnel to install the device.
```
Jeg laver den bare tilbage igen.

\subsubsection{Tasks}

The dashboard can be said to have one responsibility, allowing for the maintenance personnel to see the status of their factory. 

> The status should consist of a number of data points, such as an overview of connected devices, their last data transmission and their battery status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The status should consist of a number of data points, such as an overview of connected devices, the time of their lastest data transmission and their battery status.
```
